Outline

Create assignment_07 folder in your GitHub submission folder.
Put all your assignment-related files in this new folder.
Style your page with a design of your choice. Keep everything readable.

Topic: Music Exploration Website

Discuss what your website is about in 1-2 sentences.
A platform to introduce users to new and old artists alike. We prioritize quality albums, eps, and songs and 
categorize our selections by many metrics including genre, recency, and popularity. 

Topic must be different from your assignments and labs.
Audience: Gen Z, modern audiences but also inclusive of a general audience that is older and has a larger variety of music tastes

Who is your intended audience? As mentioned above, college students and Gen Z

Design & Style:
Discuss design and color scheme in 1-2 sentences. 
I'm thinking of using monochromatic hues that vary from a rich-violet to a spearminty green. 
Moreover, the idea is to use earthy-colors that are not jarring but rather, welcoming to the user.


Provide a color palette (primary color, secondary, etc.).
look at music.html to see the classes of css colors
headers will be purple
main text will be turqoise blue
details and other things of the like will vary between green and blue depending on this
more colors will be added if seen fit (colors in the middle will be used when appropriate)

Provide links to 3 websites that inspired your design.



Scope: 
How many pages are you planning to have?
What are the pages?
If it is a single page website, how many sections are you planning to have?
What are the sections?
Note: each section needs to have substantial content so that it could be split into separate pages (multi-page website).
Wireframes:
Wireframes are low-fidelity sketches of your pages.
Example 1,
Example 2,
Example 3.
Create and display wireframes for all your pages.
You can use wireframing tools like Balsamiq or Sketch (or other), or draw them by hand and attach pictures.
To display PDF files, use <iframe> tags.

