project-summary
Michael Chen 
ITP 104
#3818976141

MUZIC 

*This is actual Project Summary, not the Outline. Outline and music.html are files from the planning stage in the initial parts of the final project. 

Context:
As reiterated from the meta tags, this project aims to create a music review and discovery website called 'Muzic'.  
It has three main pages: the home page, the picks page, and the showcase page.
We also have three other html documents: subscription and survey (confirmation of forms) and a decorative iframe page (lack of navbar on iframe page is intentional)
Lastly, our external css file called main is our final relevant file. Again, music.html and outline and test.html are not what should be graded or looked at.
As a disclaimer, much of the text used in to create the reviews come from generative AI like ChatGPT and Microsoft Copilot. 
No code was ever pulled from AI, nonetheless in a malicious manner. 
I made use of at least 2-3 extras in a complementary manner. 

Styling:
- a green, pink, and purple aesthetic
- while the pallete changed significantly and the color scheme was updated, it stuck true to what the outline envisioned
- it should feel inviting, comforting, and lighthearted
- credit to Google fonts (Jost used globally throughout the files)

Page Breakdown:
1. Home Page (home.html)
    The home page is self-explanatory, it gives the user a taste of what the project is all about.
    It begins with an introduction followed by the Weekly Spotlight reviews. 
    Then, we talk more about company values and our future goals-- ending off with our subscription form.

Some key features:
- container work with images and text
- (Extras) dropdown hamburger menus from the company values; makes use of transitions
- (Extras) use of form fields as a subscription; 
    while this is mostly derivative from what was seen in class-- we have added differences to two parts:
    1. other radio button - can now visibly toggle the message fields
    you might note in the code I attempted to use jQuery at the end to solve this issue with click/change events 
    but it ended up being more complicated than just working with the CSS combinators (which was also very difficult)
    2. there is another form field that splits the responses in the showcase.html page
- the everpresent navbar
    it is stuck on top of the page for all 3-5 substantial pages
    the navbar has highlighting and drop shadows to signify where you are located and working sub/sub-sub menus

2. Picks Page (picks.html)
    This 'Annual Picks' page provides insights into the year's three most influential musicians.
    Later, the user is able to go to our page addendum to take an interactive look at past picks who have been nominated. 
    They can also look into the honorable mentions to see who could be potential runner-ups for the following year

Some key features:
- work with container sizing and flexboxes
- (Extras) image hovering
    smooth and quick transitions in and out when images are hovered (in honorable mentions and new picks)
    uses opacity and ease-in-out in css to achieve this effect
    text is also substantial compared to the interest page gallery since actual reviews are being written
- (Extras) iframe windows
    uses the text link structure to open up online pages in a window
    iframes are also used later on in showcase.html

3. Showcases Page (showcase.html)
    This 'Showcase' page introduce users to new music daily. 
    The page centers around one artist at a time-- in this case, Peach Pit.
    It gives a bio, some past audio content, and an overview of their entire discography.
    Lastly, the user can enter their own picks through form survey.

Some key features:
- more text and image work
- (Extras) using iframes to embed video content in addition to pages as seen previously
- (Extras) additional dropdown menu survey and non-disappearing text (radios, checkboxes, and other typeable fields were previously used)

Overall:
- Iframes, transitions, and forms were used as extras
- clear organization from navbar and other pages are alike can be observed
- since I was constrained on time, I ended up making some smaller additions 
to the end of my last two pages but I hope it still demonstrates what I learned from this class


